README.md, before:

# uk-mps

```sh
npm install yarn -g
yarn start or yarn build
```
Live site: https://globalroo.github.io/uk-mps/

## Brief description

A list of all UK-MPs stiched together from the excellent new beta parliament site https://beta.parliament.uk/ and the also amazing http://lda.data.parliament.uk which is used for additional meta as the endpoints on the beta site are not open yet.

Read the story about how all these images came about here: https://pds.blog.parliament.uk/2017/07/21/mp-official-portraits-open-source-images/

Motivation? I'm listening to https://www.amazon.co.uk/Quantum-Memory-Power-Improve-Champion/dp/0743528662 at the moment, and one of the first chapters is about memorising names and faces. I figured it would be good to do this with our members of parliament, then I saw the APIs and thought it would be fun to combine two activities.

DISCLAIMER: This is VERY work in progress - literally Sunday evening in front of TV, the utils.js has the stitching code to get the images and sew the data together. At the moment, it's using the parsed data I've pulled from the servers locally to prevent a huge number of requests going out. It's probably going to end up being a carousel of MPs displayed one at a time for the memory game.

As there is no commonality other than names between the old and the new endpoints, I've had to use them (the names).
Thankfully they seem to match exactly between sites.

Commit message:

Added node module to process data from endpoints into the expected format for the client. Work in progress.

README.md, after:

# uk-mps

```sh
npm install yarn -g
yarn start or yarn build
```
Live site: https://globalroo.github.io/uk-mps/

## Brief description

A list of all UK-MPs stiched together from the excellent new beta parliament site https://beta.parliament.uk/ and the also amazing http://lda.data.parliament.uk which is used for additional meta.

Read the story about how all these images came about here: https://pds.blog.parliament.uk/2017/07/21/mp-official-portraits-open-source-images/

Motivation? I'm listening to https://www.amazon.co.uk/Quantum-Memory-Power-Improve-Champion/dp/0743528662 at the moment, and one of the first chapters is about memorising names and faces. I figured it would be good to do this with our members of parliament, then I saw the APIs and thought it would be fun to combine two activities.

DISCLAIMER: This is VERY work in progress - literally Sunday evening in front of TV, the utils.js has the stitching code to get the images and sew the data together. At the moment, it's using the parsed data I've pulled from the servers locally to prevent a huge number of requests going out. It's probably going to end up being a carousel of MPs displayed one at a time for the memory game.

As there is no commonality other than names between the old and the new endpoints, I've had to use them (the names).
Thankfully they seem to match exactly between sites.

[Update 5 Dec] Added node module to process data from endpoints into the expected format for the client. Work in progress.
